README.md, before:

# Kidnappings & Missing Persons Uganda

This project lists Ugandans who might get arrested, detained, kidnapped, or go missing following the planned #March2Parliament protests on July 23, 2024.

![Kidnappings & Missing Persons Uganda](screenshot.png)

## How to Contribute?

To contribute, you can edit `data.json` with correct details of the person that's been reported or presumed missing, arrested, or detained, and then send a Pull Request (PR).

**Contributing Code**

Click the 'Fork' button at the top right of this page to create a copy of this repository under your GitHub account.

**Clone the forked repository**:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/missingpersons.git
cd missingpersons
```

**Create a new branch**:
```bash
git checkout -b your-feature-branch
```

**Make your changes**:

- Add the person's image to the `img/` directory
- Update the `data.json` file with the information required

Example entry in `data.json`:

```json
[
    {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "Missing Person 1",
        "image": "img/image_of_person.jpeg",
        "last_known_location": "Kamwokya", 
		"taken_time": "15:46 23-07-2024", // Format for the date "hour:minutes dd-mm-yyyy"
        "holding_location": "Held at Police Station, Prison, Unknown Location",
        "security_organ": "Taken by Police, Army, Intelligence",
        "status": "Missing",
        "twitter": "@handle_of_person",
        "sex": "male"
    }
]
```

**Stage your changes**:
```bash
git add .
```

**Commit your changes**:
```bash
git commit -m "Description of your changes"
```

**Push your changes to your fork**:
```bash
git push origin your-feature-branch
```

**Create a Pull Request**:

Go to the original repository on GitHub and create a pull request from your fork.

# License
[MIT License](https://github.com/wkambale/missingpersons/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add Slack Workspace link to README
A link to join the Slack Workspace has been added to the README.md file. This will allow other developers who want to collaborate to easily find the workspace and join the discussions.

README.md, after:

# Kidnappings & Missing Persons Uganda

This project lists Ugandans who might get arrested, detained, kidnapped, or go missing following the planned #March2Parliament protests on July 23, 2024.

![Kidnappings & Missing Persons Uganda](screenshot.png)

Join the Slack Workspace to collaborate with other developers.

[![slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://join.slack.com/t/marchtoparliamentug/shared_invite/zt-2n63veudi-TjcscMIMsO31AqN7rGV7ZQ)


## How to Contribute?

To contribute, you can edit `data.json` with correct details of the person that's been reported or presumed missing, arrested, or detained, and then send a Pull Request (PR).

**Contributing Code**

Click the 'Fork' button at the top right of this page to create a copy of this repository under your GitHub account.

**Clone the forked repository**:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/missingpersons.git
cd missingpersons
```

**Create a new branch**:
```bash
git checkout -b your-feature-branch
```

**Make your changes**:

- Add the person's image to the `img/` directory
- Update the `data.json` file with the information required

Example entry in `data.json`:

```json
[
    {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "Missing Person 1",
        "image": "img/image_of_person.jpeg",
        "last_known_location": "Kamwokya", 
		"taken_time": "15:46 23-07-2024", // Format for the date "hour:minutes dd-mm-yyyy"
        "holding_location": "Held at Police Station, Prison, Unknown Location",
        "security_organ": "Taken by Police, Army, Intelligence",
        "status": "Missing",
        "twitter": "@handle_of_person",
        "sex": "male"
    }
]
```

**Stage your changes**:
```bash
git add .
```

**Commit your changes**:
```bash
git commit -m "Description of your changes"
```

**Push your changes to your fork**:
```bash
git push origin your-feature-branch
```

**Create a Pull Request**:

Go to the original repository on GitHub and create a pull request from your fork.

# License
[MIT License](https://github.com/wkambale/missingpersons/blob/main/LICENSE)
